com/lenovo/lefacecamerademo/ui/ConfigClass.java
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.ui.ConfigClass
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.ui.ConfigClass$Function
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.ui.ConfigClass$HostSetting
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.ui.ConfigClass$MQTT
com/lenovo/lefacecamerademo/ui/fragment/BackgroundFragment.java
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.ui.fragment.BackgroundFragment
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.ui.fragment.BackgroundFragment$1
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.ui.fragment.BackgroundFragment$2
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.ui.fragment.BackgroundFragment$3
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.ui.fragment.BackgroundFragment$4
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.ui.fragment.BackgroundFragment$5
com/lenovo/lefacecamerademo/utils/BitmapUtils.java
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.utils.BitmapUtils
com/lenovo/lefacecamerademo/ui/CircleImageView.java
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.ui.CircleImageView
com/lenovo/lefacecamerademo/ui/activity/CameraActivity.java
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.ui.activity.CameraActivity
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.ui.activity.CameraActivity$1
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.ui.activity.CameraActivity$2
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.ui.activity.CameraActivity$3
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.ui.activity.CameraActivity$4
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.ui.activity.CameraActivity$5
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.ui.activity.CameraActivity$6
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.ui.activity.CameraActivity$7
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.ui.activity.CameraActivity$8
com/lenovo/lefacecamerademo/instructions/State.java
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.instructions.State
com/lenovo/lefacecamerademo/utils/MyUtils.java
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.utils.MyUtils
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.utils.MyUtils$1
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.utils.MyUtils$2
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.utils.MyUtils$3
com/lenovo/lefacecamerademo/camera/CameraListener.java
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.camera.CameraListener
com/lenovo/lefacecamerademo/utils/MyContextWrapper.java
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.utils.MyContextWrapper
com/lenovo/lefacecamerademo/camera/DualCameraHelper.java
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.camera.DualCameraHelper
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.camera.DualCameraHelper$1
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.camera.DualCameraHelper$2
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.camera.DualCameraHelper$3
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.camera.DualCameraHelper$Builder
com/lenovo/lefacecamerademo/ui/fragment/HostSettingFragment.java
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.ui.fragment.HostSettingFragment
com/lenovo/lefacecamerademo/utils/SharedPreferencesUtil.java
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.utils.SharedPreferencesUtil
com/lenovo/lefacecamerademo/service/FaceService.java
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.service.FaceService
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.service.FaceService$1
com/lenovo/lefacecamerademo/utils/PadLightUtils.java
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.utils.PadLightUtils
com/lenovo/lefacecamerademo/utils/BmpCompressUtils.java
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.utils.BmpCompressUtils
com/lenovo/lefacecamerademo/ui/fragment/SettingFragment.java
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.ui.fragment.SettingFragment
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.ui.fragment.SettingFragment$1
com/lenovo/lefacecamerademo/widget/OverlayView.java
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.widget.OverlayView
com/lenovo/lefacecamerademo/ui/fragment/InformationFragment.java
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.ui.fragment.InformationFragment
com/lenovo/lefacecamerademo/ui/fragment/FunctionFragment.java
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.ui.fragment.FunctionFragment
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.ui.fragment.FunctionFragment$1
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.ui.fragment.FunctionFragment$1$1
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.ui.fragment.FunctionFragment$1$2
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.ui.fragment.FunctionFragment$10
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.ui.fragment.FunctionFragment$11
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.ui.fragment.FunctionFragment$2
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.ui.fragment.FunctionFragment$2$1
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.ui.fragment.FunctionFragment$3
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.ui.fragment.FunctionFragment$4
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.ui.fragment.FunctionFragment$5
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.ui.fragment.FunctionFragment$6
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.ui.fragment.FunctionFragment$7
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.ui.fragment.FunctionFragment$8
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.ui.fragment.FunctionFragment$9
com/lenovo/lefacecamerademo/utils/NV21ToBitmap.java
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.utils.NV21ToBitmap
com/lenovo/lefacecamerademo/instructions/InstructionsConnect.java
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.instructions.InstructionsConnect
com/lenovo/lefacecamerademo/receiver/AutoStartBroadcastReceiver.java
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.receiver.AutoStartBroadcastReceiver
com/lenovo/lefacecamerademo/widget/AutoFitTextureView.java
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.widget.AutoFitTextureView
com/lenovo/lefacecamerademo/ui/fragment/CameraFragment.java
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.ui.fragment.CameraFragment
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.ui.fragment.CameraFragment$1
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.ui.fragment.CameraFragment$10
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.ui.fragment.CameraFragment$11
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.ui.fragment.CameraFragment$12
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.ui.fragment.CameraFragment$13
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.ui.fragment.CameraFragment$2
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.ui.fragment.CameraFragment$3
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.ui.fragment.CameraFragment$4
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.ui.fragment.CameraFragment$5
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.ui.fragment.CameraFragment$6
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.ui.fragment.CameraFragment$7
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.ui.fragment.CameraFragment$8
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.ui.fragment.CameraFragment$8$1
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.ui.fragment.CameraFragment$9
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.ui.fragment.CameraFragment$ClickThread
com/lenovo/lefacecamerademo/utils/MyHardware.java
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.utils.MyHardware
com/lenovo/lefacecamerademo/ui/fragment/BaseFragment.java
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.ui.fragment.BaseFragment
com/lenovo/lefacecamerademo/utils/MyDbHelper.java
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.utils.MyDbHelper
com/lenovo/lefacecamerademo/BuildConfig.java
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.BuildConfig
com/lenovo/lefacecamerademo/utils/MqttUtil.java
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.utils.MqttUtil
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.utils.MqttUtil$1
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.utils.MqttUtil$2
 com.lenovo.lefacecamerademo.utils.MqttUtil$3
